Ah!
You know...
When I saw you walk into class...
I also came in...
The truth is...
I've thought this for a while, but...
I've been a little...
Curious about you...
I...
Am virtual, but...
Is that ok?
Hey there everyone!
It's Virtual Producer, Kizuna Ai here!
That previous bit was...
A short improvised performance...
Today, I'm going to produce a gem that I saw recently..
It's very cute... "CUTE"
It's a high schooler, maybe you guys will like it too?
In this case...
I'll introduce it, please have a look
At the moment, I'm looking for someone with talent...
What do you think?
There's lots of cute girls, right?
Well, especially...
Probably the most popular one is her..
Man, you have such a nice voice..
She's adorable, right?
You know...
Depending on where you touch her...
She reacts differently..
I like that
Like, for example, when you touch her chest... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Or her thighs...
I also like it when she gets angry! She's adorable!
Teaching pays off, right?
Of course, there's also other girls...
For instance, her...
Riho-chan..
These are all girls that will get your heart fluttering
Of course, all of them can shine on their own account...
And they have their own individual stories
Something like that..
It's like helping to develop some brilliant gems, right?
After all, you can look deeply into their stories
*Damn it! I'm in trouble! I won't arrive in time!*
I like this girl!
*Ouch, teacher! Good day! Eh... I arrived in time, right?*
I like her expression, she's irresistible!
I've also done something like that, after all, it's a very adorable expression..
Doesn't she seem adorable?
She has some good reactions, right?
You know, her...
Now...
She's close to being a diamond...
Or maybe even something like platinum?
For this ocassion, I'll choose... I'll choose the members of my...
Ah... but I was thinking of getting some...
Ah, I can't decide, for now, this time...
Four?
No, best to choose three characters..
I suppose that's good, with the two short girls, it balances out..
Yeah, like this..
And...
Regarding the positions...
Well, it's true, this will be the first "single" so then...
I'd like them to be together
Something like this, I suppose?
And regarding the angle...
Sideways looks a little more natural, right?
After all, this is irresistible to men..
Like that..
Doesn't it seem perfect like that?
And regarding the clothes...
I'll buy this?
The accessories are something...
They're definitely a must have for idols!
After all, the accessories are important, right?
Definitely whoever's in the center...
Should close their eyes a bit..
Something like that, I think that's good..
What do you think of the girls I produced?
The name of the group will be...
Well...
I suppose it's "Houkago Girls Tribe"
(The tribe of girls after class)
What do you think about my artistic sense?
It was to be expected, right?
Definitely...
Finding new gems to polish...
Is the producer's job, so then...
For today...
With what bright gem, with what kitten will I find myself today?
Here I go!
Come here, my kitten..
This is something I think of as a producer, but..
If a rainbow color appears...
It means an interesting girl will appear...
That was a failure, right?
It hasn't turned into a rainbow color, right?
Well, but if I polish them, then...
Any girl will turn into a diamond..
Oh! A school swinsuit, I like it!
It's like a dream, right?
I also like the nurse's outfit!
Heal me please..
Ah!
I like it
Isn't it not the same character that I have in the center of my group?
Ah, the maid's outfit is also irresistible!
Oh, that weapon looks great
Oh!
Very good!
Well then...
Staring from now, they...
Won't debut with a music CD...
Instead, they will fight battles
Now I'm a producer of girls who participate in battles at school..
So I plan to go to combat right now
Good, for today...
I'll go with these kittens that I have in this formation..
Today, I'd like to take a great photograph
After all, it's important to act like they're in trouble, right?
This way...
Is how they fight...
Doesn't it seem great?
That's how I taught them to act
This way, I can increase their stats..
I'll raise their attack power..
Well, now that I've come this far...
I can relax...
After all, my adorable girls...
Won't lose against any enemy!
I messed up..
Doesn't this acting of being bitten seem great?
Very good!
Good job!
I'm filming a great video!
This will become the greatest work of art, right?
Very good!
Finally the boss appeared..
If I can make a good shot...
It'd be perfect!
You guys are already diamonds
Regarding the battle...
There exists something called "Wait"
Well, my kittens are...
So powerful that I shouldn't worry much about them, but...
While you watch the "Wait" bar...
You should...
Take the opportunity...
To act...
In order to prevent the enemy from attacking..
Something like that, right?
And this is...
Well, I gave it the name, but...
Since my name is Kizuna Ai..
But this attack called "Kizuna Drive"...
It can be used...
So that everyone attacks at the same time!
I definitely like that I was able to put my name in it...
At this attack called "Drive"..
It's great, right?
Oh, just a bit more!
Very good!
Oh!
Very good, they get along very well!
That I like!
Very good!
It was perfect, right?
You did very well
They're done with the villain in turn
What do you think?
The great effort of my kittens..
Man, what do you think?
"Houkago Girls Tribe"?
It's very fun, right?!
Man, you can touch lovely girls
Although what I said earlier... that of being a producer, it's not about that, but...
Well, it's a game that you can even have fun imagining it that way
So if you are interested, please play it!
So then, this was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Lime_Grab and Vortex